Hi~!
How have you all been doing?
Have you been good boys and girls?
It's time to spend some time with Ai-chan!
Today, Ai-oneesan will...
Read in "Eigo" — English — the old Japanese fairytale...
Kintaro (Golden Boy)!
Ai-oneesan style Kintaro!
Begin, begin!
"Long long ago..."
"There was a boy..."
"Of the name called 'Golden Boy'..."
(Named "Golden Boy")
"In far in the mountains in a mountain before"
(Who lived deep in the mountains)
Golden Boy friends are animals in a mountain
(Golden Boy's only friends were the animals on the mountain)
"Golden Boy playing some wrestling with animals..."
(Every day, Golden Boy would play Sumo wrestling with the animals)
"And was playing every day"
"But, Mr. Bear with big body..."
(But Golden Boy always won, and Mr. Bear, even with his bigger body...)
"Can't win Golden Boy"
(Could not beat Golden Boy)
"I'm Golden Boy of a strong man very much..."
(Golden Boy was incredibly strong...)
"But also very gentle boy as well as falling"
(But behind his strength, he was a very kind-hearted boy)
"When I got on a back of the bear..."
(One day, as he rode on Mr. Bear's back...)
"And took a mountain path on some day..."
(Headed up a mountain path...)
"Animals were in trouble at the valley"
(There were some animals in trouble in the valley)
"How will you do? Because there are no bridges, you can't migrate to the other side"
("What shall we do? There is no bridge, so we can't cross over to the other side")
"Give up, trust me"
("All right, leave it to me")
"In the big tree from which Golden Boy grows around here..."
(Golden Boy found a big tree growing nearby...)
"Bang! When I bang and break off..."
(Running into it with a "Bang!", he felled the tree...)
"A long bridge has been made immediately"
(And just like that, it made a bridge)
"Thank you very much!"
"Animals crossed the bridge Golden Boy made with delight"
(The animals were delighted, and crossed the bridge Golden Boy had made for them)
"After that it'll be wonderful young people and be a vassal of Mr. Great Samurai in a capital..."
(Afterwards, the strong and kind-hearted Golden Boy grew to be a splendid young man...)
"And it's said that Golden Boy with the strong power and an easy heart beat a bad person one after another"
(And it is said that he served under a great samurai from the city, defeating many evil men)
"The end"
Everyone...
Before you go to bed...
Watch me reading this story!
See you again!
More at the end!
Translated by score
♪ With a battleaxe on his shoulder... ♪
(Kintaro's theme)
Golden Boy!